Recursion is a Process in which a function calls itself directly or indirectly is called recursion and the corresponding function is called 
a recursive function. 

Working of Recursion
The idea is to represent a problem in terms of one or more smaller sub-problems and add base conditions that stop the recursion.
 For example, we compute factorial n if we know the factorial of (n-1). The base case for factorial would be n = 0. We return 1 
 when n = 0

Advantages of Recursive Programming
The advantages of recursive programs are as follows:
Recursion provides a clean and simple way to write code.
Some problems are inherently recursive like tree traversals, Tower of Hanoi, etc. For such problems, it is preferred to write 
recursive code.

Disadvantages of Recursive Programming
The disadvantages of recursive programs is as follows:
The recursive program has greater space requirements than the iterative program as all functions will remain in the stack 
until the base case is reached.
It also has greater time requirements because of function calls and returns overhead.


Recursion concepts are little messier. You have to practice it alot for the basic level clarity. Like how the power works for that you need 
to practice it several times and dry run it thoroughly then only you can understand it and get the feel of it. 

Stack RAM main memory kei andar hota hai : 
Stack : memory jahan har function call ka data + pending work store hota hai. 
[ Stack ]   ← function calls (recursion, local variables)
[ Heap  ]   ← objects, dynamic memory
[ Code  ]   ← program instructions

Jab tu program run karta hai:
OS (Operating System) tere program ko RAM deta hai
Us RAM ka ek part Stack ke liye reserve hota hai
StackOverflow : 1. Jab bohat jaada recursive calls ho jaaye 2. Stack ki limit cross ho jaye : Error : StackoverflowError
Stack RAM ke andar ek reserved memory area hai jahan function calls aur unka data store hota hai

Recursion Lecture : 02 : 

Tower of Hanoi : The Tower of Hanoi is a classic problem in computer science and mathematics used to teach recursion and problem-solving.
It’s a puzzle with:
3 rods (or pegs)
N disks of different sizes stacked on one rod (largest at bottom, smallest on top)
Goal:Move all disks from the source rod → destination rod, using the third rod as a helper.

Rules (very important)
Only one disk can be moved at a time
You can only move the top disk from any rod
You can never place a bigger disk on a smaller disk

Why is it important?
Teaches recursion deeply
Helps understand divide & conquer
Used in algorithm thinking and interviews

